feat(iotda): add a datasource to get the list of dataforwarding rules (#4480)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/iotda_dataforwarding_rules.md

  + **device.command.status**

* `trigger` - (Optional, String) Specifies the triggering event of the data source corresponding to
  the dataforwarding rule. This parameter must be used together with `resource`. The valid values are as follows:
  + **device:create**: Device added.
  + **device:delete**: Device deleted.
  + **device:update**: Device updated.
  + **device.status:update**: Device status changed.
  + **device.property:report**: Device property reported.
  + **device.message:report**: Device message reported.
  + **device.message.status:update**: Device message status changed.
  + **batchtask:update**: Batch task status changed.
  + **product:create**: Product added.
  + **product:delete**: Product deleted.
  + **product:update**: Product updated.
  + **device.command.status:update**: Device asynchronous command status updated.

* `app_type` - (Optional, String) Specifies the validity scope of the dataforwarding rule.
  The valid values are as follows:
  + **GLOBAL**: The validity scope is tenant level.
  + **APP**: The validity scope is resource space level.

  -> If the `app_type` value is **APP**, this parameter can be used together with the `space_id` to query 

>     the dataforwarding rule data in the corresponding resource space. If not associated with the `space_id`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the dataforwarding rules in the corresponding resource space, if not associated with the `space_id`,
```

>     will be query the dataforwarding rule data in the default resource space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    will be query the dataforwarding rules in the default resource space.
```
